Add minimal documentation for custom dependencies blocks (#28861)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/authoring-builds/other/custom_gradle_types.adoc

- Objects created using `ObjectFactory.newInstance()`.
- Objects created for a managed nested property.
- Elements of a `NamedDomainObjectContainer`.

> - Types that have custom `dependencies` blocks

Reviewer: 🤔 It doesn't have to be named `dependencies` though?  You could name it `myPrerequisites {}` or `externalLibraries {}` or something.  The important part is that it extends `Dependencies` and uses `DependencyCollector`.  Is there a way to briefly say that here, or definitely in the section itself?

Author: You're right that we don't enforce a particular name, but I don't feel strongly that we should suggest that you can call it anything you like.  I think there's some advantage for following a convention and using `dependencies`.

Reviewer: I agree, but I worry that it seems like this makes that name seem like a requirement.

Can you prefix it?  `otherDependencies`, `myDependencies` or something?

Reviewer: Rereading this again, I think even if you use `dependencies` as the name in the example (I still think you should change it), you should definitely at least add a footnote somewhere that the name of the block doesn't matter.

Author: I don't think we should make the example do something that isn't justified. IOW, there's no strong reason to name the block anything other than `dependencies`. 

This is a bit of a style question. e.g., if you had a task that compiled C++ code and we were writing an example that used this task, we could name it `compileCpp` to be consistent with other compile tasks.  We _could_ name it `myCompileTask` just to demonstrate that the name could be anything, but if someone copies from this, I think we'd rather start with something vaguely consistent with other examples.

Author: Take another look, I added a note about the name not being important.  This still calls the overall feature "custom `dependencies` block"

Compared to `NamedDomainObjectContainer`, a `DomainObjectSet` doesn't manage the objects in the collection. They need to be created and added manually.

You can create an instance using the link:{javadocPath}/org/gradle/api/model/ObjectFactory.html#domainObjectSet-java.lang.Class-[ObjectFactory.domainObjectSet()] method.

[[custom_dependencies_blocks]]

> == Plugin provided `dependencies` block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Customizing dependency declarations
```

The name of the block isn't the important part.  I think this documentation should get after from emphasizing it like this.  Readers might get the impression the name matters.  Might even be worth updating the example to use `myDependencies` to really hammer this point.

Author: This heading makes it seem like you're customizing dependency declarations anywhere, but the point is that as a plugin author, you're providing a place to put dependency declarations related to your plugin.

I'm also not sure it's really important for us to show the full flexibility (you don't have to name it `dependencies`)

Author: I tried incorporating some of this into the new title

NOTE: Custom `dependencies` blocks are based on incubating APIs.

> A plugin can provide a custom `dependencies` block that allows users to declare dependencies in a type-safe and context-aware way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A plugin can provide dependency declarations in custom blocks that allow users to declare dependencies in a type-safe and context-aware way.
```

For instance, instead of users needing to know and use the underlying `Configuration` name to add dependencies, a custom `dependencies` block lets the plugin pick a meaningful name that
can be used consistently.

=== Adding a custom `dependencies` block

To add a custom `dependencies` block, you need to create a new type that will represent the set of dependency scopes available to users.
That new type needs to be accessible from a part of your plugin (a domain object or extension).

> Finally, the dependency scopes need to be wired back to underlying `Configuration` objects that will be used during dependency resolution.

Reviewer: 💭 A numbered list could work well for these instructions.

Author: Instead of numbering here, I numbered the sections after this

See link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.plugins.jvm.JvmComponentDependencies.html[JvmComponentDependencies] and link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.plugins.jvm.JvmTestSuite.html[JvmTestSuite] for an example of how this is used in a Gradle core plugin.

==== Create an interface that extends `Dependencies`

> NOTE: You can also extend link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.artifacts.dsl.GradleDependencies.html[GradleDependencies] to get access to Gradle-provided dependencies like `gradleApi()`.

Reviewer: 💭 Should the `Dependencies` class's javadoc also link to this section?

Author: done, good idea
